- Roger the operation managers of Jaipur
today we met a six-foot nervous to join
us at this for testing session in 10
minutes 1 Jake was started in 2009 and
this is our latest establishment in the
concept Jake was very unique because
everyone had their own suit based nej
probably the manifesto be seduced form
and we also have this very unique
individual sub base because asparagine
in the first place and secondly some
money I have you know if he and they can
only cut off the rest of our friends our
family can have it another power suit I
think that quality of food is very good
it's fresh and the presentation is
fantastic like if you look at it you
feel like eating it immediately
so my other thing that the type of food
Pizza like they do little surprises for
you one of my favorites would be the
meatball jeepers they actually have a
lot of technique balls and I think the
one that gave me the surprise is that he
that cheese meatball and they had three
different flavors pork chicken and also
piece so there's actually something out
definitely recommend all my friends to
order when they come here
because create fun
the interesting part about the fish the
life fish is fresh fresh and the aji
offered to deep fry the the body and
officiate so they all serve as another
dish so it's something that we're not
put to waste and it's a new treatment or
to the fish itself I like the fried bean
curd thank you but the very unique after
soaking for fume it is very soft and
energy as compared to outside food which
I don't normally try it
I think the environment is very nice
usually like if you take steamboat
you'll be like test-firing you'll be
feeling warm but semi male I feel very
comfortable I feel cool I love the
variety of food having here and also the
condiment they have a very pleasant
variety imbuing is good and give me a
very warm cozy feelings on dining here
maybe next time jet pakka have free for
ice cream and dessert that'd be great
everything the door here as a person it
not just do it for sure before nicer
experience but Oh as a purpose whoever
is the tongs the extra little talk do
they even table order hi dream purpose
of a separator the wrong foot and the
foot of reasons chose to have used all
have to come back more often and I like
the cheese balls
but idea will actually like to have some
fruits or so
you